Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to talk about Page View, which is very similar to that of the list view
the view there.
Okay.
Now over here, you can see we have the list of the category names.
And what we are going to do in this lecture is whenever we click on this main category, we are going
to have the main high time display over year.
And when we click on this women category, we're going to have the women categories display over that
is the women category item displayed over here.
Okay.
Now to do this, we have to head back to our VTS record and you can see over here we are basically having
a position with that in order to tell how the container is going to be placed.
And as you know, the position has a property known as bottom and you can see we are setting it to zero.
And also they do have a property known as right.
And you can see we are also setting it to zero.
Okay.
And we are having a child, which is a container.
And as you know, the container has a property known as eight.
And we're basically getting the width of our screen in order to make this responsive.
So we got the so we got the height of our screen and we are taking it by 8%.
And as well we got the width of our screen and we also about 80%, that is we need 80% of our screen
and we're basically giving it a color of white.
We can just give this red.
So you see, what we basically did is control and has okay, you're going to see it obvious.
You can see it's taken 80% of our width and 80% of our height.
Okay.
And now we can just change this back to.
Right.
Okay.
And as you know, the container has a property known as child for the child is going to be this widget
you've not seen before.
Page view.
The page view can take multiple widgets.
So it has these children as its property and the first child is going to be according to what we have
of it.
That is the main the main category name.
So this is going to be the content for the main category.
Okay.
We have men, women, shoes.
So for the now we can just use a center widget center and then have a child test.
This is going to say men and you can see we have up to.
One, two, three, four, five.
So we can just duplicate this for more times.
But before then, you need to try to come over there.
And.
2234, five OC and now use can and save.
And now we have to rename this.
This is going to be.
Women.
And shoes, kids.
Shoes, Keats and Bach.
Okay.
Shoes.
Kids.
And bugs.
Okay.
You can just add as box is necessary and go check it out.
You can see the by default we are able to scroll.
We're able to scroll horizontally.
That is from left to right.
Okay.
And what we can do is the page view has a property known as screw direction.
And for the screw direction we can then see as is dot vertical that is from top to bottom.
Okay.
And now we are going to be able to screw this way.
And all you're going to need to do is whenever we scroll down to the key category we want to navigate.
We want this to be the selected category name.
Right.
Okay.
To do that.
The Page View has a property known as on page change, which is a function over this parenthesis is
going to take a value.
We're just going to call this value.
So value.
Get rid of this.
The value is is basically referring to the selected item.
And now all we can just do is overhear.
We can't just copy everything we have via its end credits.
Sorry from this for.
And.
-- it over.
Remember I said the value is basically referring to the selected item.
So over here we're going to pass in the value of whatever the user selected the case controller and
that's save.
Okay.
And now we are currently in the kids but you can see we are currently in box about said the selected
item is going to have a color a background color of white so you can see that that is the last and we
can just scroll up you can see seems good whites kids and the via.
So what does we basically do?
First of all, it's going to look over each category item we have and it's going to set it to force.
And whenever we click on the high end, it's going to set it to true.
And you can see over here we are basically having a check.
We are saying if it is equal to true, we then want to use the white color.
Right.
So therefore, this is set to you can see currently this is this item our set to force.
And that is why it has this background color of gray shades 300.
And when we scroll to the women you can see the rest us then.
The as then been updated to force.
Okay hopefully understand now what we're going to need to do also is when we click on this, we want
to be able to change this category content.
We have to do that.
This is very easy to do.
To do that.
The Page View has a property known as controller.
Okay for the controller.
We're just going to create it over a year.
Video via.
Or we can just create it at the top and we can just go ahead and say finer and go ahead and specify
the type of variable, this type of page controller.
And we can make this a private variable in order for it not to be accessible outside this file.
And we can call this on the page controller, and we're going to set it to page controller.
Okay.
And now we need to bind this variable to that controller we have over there.
Paste over here.
Okay.
And now we do not really need this over here or this.
Yes.
Right.
Hopefully understand.
You can see we basically have it over here.
And for the now.
And that is why whenever we scroll up this way, it's going to update this.
Right.
Okay.
So over here.
We are going to call the underscore.
Page.
Controller and we are going to say dot jump.
To page.
And we're going to pass the index.
Okay.
Great.
This controller or we can just restart this.
Remember, the index is basically referring to each item we have on our list.
So this can be one.
So it is good.
This can't be one, two, 3456 or zero one to intense.
Normally start from zero.
So this item is zero.
One, two, three, four.
Right.
So that is what the index is basically referring to.